Wish List - Features

1. Product catalogue by merchant / designer 
	Ability to see a list of all the merchant / designers to be selected so you can go to the product catalogue for the individual merchant
	Ability to see the yelp rating for the merchant
	Ability to switch between product catalogues for different merchants 
	Ability to filter products within a merchant by ring type, metal type, setting type, etc. 
	Ability for individual see more details about the individual product
	Ability to show the price and simple product description
2. Individual product showcase (normal and discounted products, highlighting discounted products)
	Ability to add products to shopping cart
	Ability to checkout and purchase the product direction (capture payment, capture shipping information, capture billing information, capture phone number)
		Payment via credit and debit card
		Payment via ACH
	Ability to select different images of the product to view
	Ability to go to the merchant product catalogue from the individual product showcase page
	Ability to show/recommend similar products on the product showcase page
	Instead of making a purchase, schedule a merchant store visit to see the product in person 
		Capture the time and date when the consumer wants to see the merchant
		Capture the name, email address, and phone number of the consumer
		Allow user to make any comments to the merchants
		Display a confirmation message saying the merchant will reach out to confirm the meeting time
3. Ability for people who are buying products to contact customer support via chat or phone
4. Capture the consumer's preferences via a set of questionnaire
	Ask about ring setting
	Ask about ring metal
	Ask about diamond shape
	Ask about diamond preference type (how to compare among different diamond characteristics)
	Final recommendation page recommending rings to consumer based on preferences and available inventory
5. Info page: Page explaining to the consumer how sparklie makes money (showing pricing transparency)
	What are the shipping fees and how we charge for shipping
	What are the return fees and how we charge for returns (what is the return period)
	What data we collect and how we use the information
7. Info page: About us 
8. Info page: FAQ
9. Track packages for orders and handle returns
	Ability for user to enter a tracking number where tracking information will be retrieved
	Ability for user to contact us to handle returns (no automated returns for now)
10. Ability for user to determine the ring size by printing out a piece of paper (example: http://www.overstock.com/downloads/pdf/2010_RingSizing.pdf)
11. Ability to show terms and conditions & privacy policy, as required by law
12. Ability for user to go visit our blog
13. A landing page that describes the service (product catalogue and recommendation service)
	Ability to user to subscribe to the blog, service updates, or other notes
14. A contact us page (information could also be included in the about us page)	
	If consumers have questions, they can contact us (this is a form with different subjects)
15. Account profile page
	Allow users to create an account page by logging in via Facebook or Google
	After user logs in, allow users to add products to wishlist
	Account page should allow user to add shipping information, billing information, and card information
	Account page should show product purchase and returned
	

Target consumer
-Male
-Income: 50-80K
-Age: 25-29
-Lives in urban city
-Shops online using desktop/tablet
-Intended to propose in 1 month
-Education: college


