1. How does product catalog fit into this flow?
2. Why did you pick vertical vs. horizontal scrolling?
3. First slide -> we're okay with a context photo. 
3a). There needs to be arrows or someway to demonstrate to the user that there's more stuff below the content; 
3b). We still want a call to action button to push down to content if the person doesn't want to read all the content;
3c). We'll take the action item to refine the content to determine what exactly is our message'
3d). On this page with all this space; what needs to be done besides just text, if anything
4. We definitely need to add the setting question to this page:
4a). We need to add the question of the type of setting you'd like
4b). We need to add the question about ring metal
5). The questions as currently posed assumes the user understands and knows precisely what they want which is probably not true. The questions needs to posed in a manner that teases out their preferences and importance of the individual factor without them having to a make a specific educated choice
one option is to collapse the questions 2 - 5 into one page where the user is able to select preference among the four criteria and display to the user how those choices would affect their product price 
6). On the budget screen, we're okay with the design, but there needs to be a way to limit the user from selecting a budget that's basically
from zero to the max. That defeats the purpose of a budget.  Another way to title this question is to ask for a budget range. 
7). The budget range question needs to be before the preferences question on number 5. We've thought about this considerably, but 
we need to know how much you're willing to spending to move it up. It shouldn't be the first question, but should be question just before preferences. 
8). What happens when we show more products, is it endless scrolling?
9) We get rid of the big sharing button the top
Note. We don't understand why you have this flow rather than the current flow we have. 
Note2: Ask about hours used so we can track. 
Sharing: There should be a button that allows you to select a ring; then a button shows up on the side that says something like; add 4 more and share with friends for feedback
People not have friends to share (feedback loop), vote on different rings (yes / no)
- Show on product page a thumbup/thumb down feature where thumb up is active , you are capped at thumb down below x numbers (initially don't need to thumb up or thumb down
- We could use our initial rating star to be used for thumbup/thumbdown (hover to explain this concept of other people rating rings)
-Get feedback from friends
usual coffee place 6pm
who's it for (optional - user write over it!) -This should all be handled in the modal
collect email ->
name of the user buying the ring (first/last name)
name of person getting feedback
there's needs to be a script written and editable by the user on what the friend/family will see (included and body text)
a copy will be sent to the user